## Getting started

XRViz is a visualization tool for VR experiments recorded with **XREcho** and computed with the **XREcho_analysis_toolbox**.
The aim of XRViz is to be able to be able to explore the data generated and to give an overview of some behaviours.
The tool is not finished and is made to be expanded upon so that it fits your needs.
### Prerequisites
the tool relies on a "paths.yaml" file and an example of this file is given.
This file points at multiples other files/folder :
- **the ExperimentSummary File** : the .yaml that describe the experiment.
- **the Profiling File** : generated by the XREcho_analysis_toolbox, the file sum up every profiling data. 
- **the DataPath folder** : the folder where files generated by XREcho are stored. 
- **the CriteriaList File** : the file that list every profiling criteria used for creating groups. an example generated by criteria_list_generator.py is given, but must be customed for every experiment. 

### How to use XRViz
#### Configuration step
Select your paths.yaml file. 
If the file is the right one, basic information on the experiment will be displayed.

#### Selection step

Here you can filter and group participants based on profiling data.
> (Example : take every participant between age 12 and 20) 

You can :
- Add a filter. The list of filter is shown in the filter box.
- Add a group. Only one group can be applied at a time. The group is used to separate data in multiple graphs. 
- Vizualise the current selected participants. 

Generate the visualization tab can take some time, especially when participants are not filtered.
#### Vizualisation step

Currently there are two graphs implemented : action graph and metric graph. 

- Action graph allows you to vizualise actions happening in every scene. This graph is used to visualize behaviour tendency. 
- Metric graph allows you to see how 2 metrics affect each others, metrics being profiling criterias and generated metrics based on actionData. 

